---
tags: UPD ixd branding meta
---

* No entry for yesterday. Had an unexpected issue to handle for the day.  

*UPD:* Studied against 100 cards, 20 of which were new. Did over two sessions. The effects of choosing 'Hard' over 'Good' with these terms is taking effect at this point. There are more cards, but the % of correct answers is closer to 100% now. I am usually answering 'reverse' cards — where the definition is presented and I have to recall the term — with 'Good'. 

### About Face: The Essentials of Interaction Design

For future points, I will simply refer to this focus as *IxD*. 

*IxD:* Completed reading the introduction. Instead of moving on to chapter 1, I have gone back to write out detailed notes from the introduction. The note taking is considerably slower than reading, but I believe essential to acquiring and remembering the content. Am about 2/3rd through the introduction note taking. Will likely use Anki to further reinforce terms and ideas.

*Update:* Completed note taking of the introduction, began reading chapter 1. Overall, note taking was somewhere between 2–3 times slower than the original re-read. With how much longer a chapter is relative to the introduction, I may move to a format of read half the chapter, take notes on that same half, repeat for the next half chapter. 

### Branding

Read through chapter 7 of the *Branding* book. There is only 1 chapter left. My ordered approach to this focus vs. *IxD* is intentional — is one approach better in certain contexts? Here I am reading straight through before going back for note taking. With *IxD*, I am reading through a chapter, followed by note taking of that chapter. For the uninformed, the length of these books is completely different — I would guess I could read through 8–10 books the length of *Branding* before I finished *IxD*. This makes it much more practicable to read through the entire book first before going back for note-taking. 

### Thoughts on goals, note taking, self-testing, meta

These readings of technical books is considerably slower than if I used the same time allotment to just read through the book, and move on to the next one. With the time I have dedicated to up to this point, I could have easily finished reading Universal Principles of Design, About Face, and Branding already. I have no doubt however that my retention of UPD terms would be close to non-existent if I simply read the book. Based on my own experiences here and from reading other people's writings, there doesn't seem to be a substitute for slow, deliberate, and active learning. It seems the strategy for learning as much as possible is more about improving the efficiency of quality learning, rather than improving the quantitative amount of learning. 

Goals such as 'Read *X* amount of content per week/month/year', or 'Read *x* words per minute' seem like goals with good deeds that end in a bad outcome. At this time, it feels like process and quality goals are a better approach. 

A process goal would be about showing up consistently. The quality of progress wouldn't matter to the process goal. This idea appears to be the foundation for athleticism and fitness, where showing up to practice at all is the most important aspect to mastery. This is of course not the *only* factor that matters, more that program quality, coaching, equipment, mean far less if you aren't consistently applying it. A great barbell strength training program means nothing if you don't show up to lift.

A quality goal is harder to quantify, and would involve a lot of trial and error. I am a believer in failing, to the extent that I don't hold quality goals tightly. If I show up to learn (process goal), and try in some way to learn, overtime I should naturally become more efficient in learning new material. My qualitative goals are vague and loosely defined, with the belief that my future self will either solidify such goals, or become better at justifying their vagueness. For now, I hold the goal of qualitative learning that involves repeated exposure to material, using techniques such as spaced repetition and old fashioned note taking to accomplish this. I experiment with specific ideas, such as order of techniques, writing out ideas, typing them out, oral presentation, reading techniques, and writing out my thoughts here. There's casual research into educational techniques, memory techniques like mnemonic devices, spaced-repetition, and memory palaces. 

The value of mentoring and coaching, from the perspective of mastering a subject matter (ignoring the perspective of marketing and connections that could come from those relations), is guiding the student towards a good qualitative path. The prerequisite to these relations being effective is likely in process. Mentorship is wasted if there's no consistency, and valuable mentors likely avoid students who do not have a strong process. 

In my own life reflections, the coach/mentor role has largely been absent. What has also been largely absent is process. I've been pretty good at getting by, and when I hit a wall, would either make the minimum adjustments needed to continue, or abandon the situation (both by choice and by force). This has lead me to *good enough* outcomes, and in many aspects of life, we only need to be good enough. In the situations where we want to master a subject, *good enough* falls apart. Perhaps my design skills can dazzle the casual observer of design, but that doesn't make me among the best in the world. Process, combined with time, from the perspective of someone who is not the best at anything, appears to be the cornerstone of becoming a master of a subject. The coach/mentor aspect seems more a byproduct of that labor.

For me, this log as a whole is an attempt at instilling process. It's publicly–facing nature, as least at the moment, is not for you, the reader of this sentence. It's for its author, me. It's public because of the basic social pressure it creates, even if the viewership is imaginary. Perhaps in the future it will gain new users, but it won't if it fails in creating process.



