---
tags: upd, anki
---

* Studied against 26 existing cards. No distractions for these. Took 25 minutes — I got 2 terms wrong multiple times, but got the other 24 correct. 

* Attempted a new anki tactic — I took the next 12 definitions and entered them into Anki prior to reading or typing out the terms ahead of time. I brute forced the terms — typically in a cycle of showing a defintiion, typing it out 3 times, and cycling through cards until I eventually listed out all 12 defintiions. This process took ~90 minutes, broken up with a few minor (<5 min) breaks. Overall, I think this technique may be effective time-wise, but is more mentally draining. This technique may be useful for 5 terms at a time (instead of 12), and once they are remembered for the day, read through those terms in more depth. 

* Added a new anki deck set

### Card Set 16

* Progressive Disclosure

* Propositional Density

* Prospect-Refuge

* Prototyping

* Proximity


### Anki Learning

Spent a significant amount of time looking through various use cases with Anki. There are some interesting ideas, and a lot of them seem to be based on a set of rules of formulating knowledge written [way back in 1999](https://www.supermemo.com/en/articles/20rules) for a similar platform.

I played around with the cloze technique, but it felt either overwhelming or useless in the few attempts I tried with these terms. For now, I feel that memorizing the full term is the most useful thing for me to do. It's not to say that these other approaches wouldn't be useful in a different context or that they would be more useful with more practice with the tools themselves.

