---
Tags: UPD, meta
---

Studied against 43 old cards. Took two 25 minute sessions to complete.

### Meta

From looking at the statistics of Anki tests, it seems I make around 20% mistakes in reviews most of the time. There isn't a lot for me to compare against here — I don't have prior experience with this type of studying, and lack the knowledge of how others compare with the system. The comparison is also difficult since most of these terms have complex definitions, where the use of the system in areas such as foriegn language or medical vocabulary would have simpler, and a greater number of, terms.

I do have a general feeling that immediately moving into a new deep focus after this would be a mistake, but so would prolonging this focus after all the terms have been tested against. Right now, my idea is that once all of UPD's terms are set up and tested against, that the next block of time be split into two mid-level focuses — UPD reinforcement, and a smaller design book, done cocurrently. The logic I have for this is:

* Since I will continue to test against UPD terms regardless of future focuses, I am obliged to spent *X* amount of time on it. The issue is I don't know how much time *X* is. If I carve out some, but not all of my time for UPD, I can assure myself that I have learned what this book can offer, without it blocking new learning.

* A smaller design book will be a different learning structure than UPD. UPD spits out terms for everything in a predictable manner, making it easy to conver it into Anki. A more typical book however requires a different approach. A smaller design book enables me to practice methods of learning, so that I can take that experience and apply it to learning more complex (text)books, such as *About Face*. 

Both reasons boil down to mitgating risk of not truly learning new things.

