---
tags: upd, typography
---

Added 5 new terms to Anki

### Card Set 20

* Symmetry

* Threat Detection

* Stickiness

* Storytelling 

* Structural Forms

About average in difficult.

* Typed out the remaining 13 terms twice. Took about 10 minutes.

* Typed out the next 5 set multiple times. Also took the time to look more into the concept of Gestalt Perception, a phrase that has been mentioned in some form many times both in *Universal Principles of Design* and elsewhere. If my next focus is in fact visual design, the Gestalt terms that have been used throughout this focus will likely get a deeper look.

* Typed out the remaining 13 terms again. The first 5 terms were repeated twice before the 8 other terms were done. At the end, the first 5 terms were typed out again. 

### Typography

Added 5 new terms (and 5 illustrations of the terms) to Anki:

* Bowl

* Counter

* Descender

* Diagonal Stroke

* Ear

Used Anki as the learning process for these terms. The illustrations were all answered correctly on the first try, while I consistently made mistakes with the terms 'bowl' and 'counter'. 

### UPD's Future

This week should be the last time new terms in *Universal Principles of Design* are acquired. This however does not mark the end for UPD learning. At minimum, spaced repetition will continue to happen with these terms, even as I go deep into other things. 

At present, I am not satisfied with my ability to recall terms. This is less important in written communication with longer periods of time to think and research, but a significant issue for oral recall. Once all the terms are a part of Anki, I will prolong this deep focus until I am comfortable with recall, with working examples. In practical terms, this likely means self-administered oral exams with time controls. I should also identify which terms are more important to me than others (e.g. terms related to gestalt perception are more relevant than engineering-related terms).

What I might also do is divide out this competency challenge into a future point. For example, a month into a new deep focus, I pause that focus to retest my knowledge for a few days. This I feel plays into the concept of spaced repetition, and to making mental connections between different subjects.
