---
tags: upd, typography, meta
---

* Completed the reading of *Universal Principles of Design*.

* Studied 19 previous UPD terms.

* Added 5 new cards to Anki:

### Card Set 22

* Veblen Effect

* von Restorff Effect

* Visuospatial Resonance

* Wabi-Sabi

* Visibility

Pretty painless. It would seem that going through terms superficially every day leading up to this point was helpful. For example, the term Visuospatial Resonance is described as:

*"A phenomenon in which an image achieves optimal clarity due to resonance between the spatial frequency of the image and the observer's distance from the image."*

Which I wrote out from memory just now. Repeat exposure to these over the last week seems helpful.

* Completed the final 3 terms. Not sure how the last set is 3, given that I've been doing these in sets of 5, and there are 125 terms. An audit of my deck however shows 125 unique terms — this log is probably inaccurate to some degree.

### Final Card Set

* Waist-to-hip Ratio

* Wayfinding

* Weakest Link

Not much of note.


### Typography 

Added 5 terms to Anki (with visual examples):

* Shoulder

* Serif

* Hairline

* Ligature

* Finial 

Tested against these + old terms, 16 cards in total.

### Meta

Today marks the day I completed my reading of *Universal Principles of Design*, and the 'learning' of all 125 terms. This does not mean that UPD is being shut down — spaced repetition's strength relies on continual reinforcement of what I've learned. More importantly, I am unsatisfied with what I have remembered & recalled up to this point.

In the immediate term, I won't be actively pushing my competency, beyond going back to old terms like I've been doing. I will wait at least a few days and figure out a plan of action to conclude this focus. Until then, my immediate interest is expanding the functionality of this log. Type anatomy will continue as is.
