---
tags: ixd branding
---

### Branding

* 25 minute block: Retyping out notes from the intro + half of first chapter.

* 25 minute block: Went through all of my note to date to find cards I could create in Anki.

Created 11 cards in Anki:

* Brands can ____ ____ and ____ ____ in shopping.

* Signifier

* Signified

* Brands have helped us sensitize ourselves to the interplay of ____ and ____.

* INSIDER view of what a brand is

* OUTSIDER view of what a brand is

* A brand is (by book's definition)

* ____ brand has a brand name.

* ____ brands have a logo.

* Brand Identity

* Breakdown of brand definition (3 parts).

Some cards are (clearly) more difficult than others, which is fine. The most important cards would relate to signifier, signified, and the simplified + breakdown definition of 'brand'.

For signifier and signified, I looked at the book's definition, along with online definitions. I used Oxford's online terms for each in Anki.

Oxford describes them as such:

**Signified:**
The meaning or idea expressed by a sign, as distinct from the physical form in which it is expressed.

**Signifier:**
A sign's physical form (such as a sound, printed word, or image) as distinct from its meaning.

I found these terms somewhat confusing, and after digging more into the meaning behind the words, I decided to arrange the wording of the definitions to make them easier to work with. Not something I've really done up this point (and why I'm describing it here).

**Signified:**
A sign's expression of its idea or meaning, as distinct from a sign's physical form.

**Signifier:**
A sign's physical form — such as a sound, printed word, or image — as distinct from its meaning.

Changing the wording around for *signified* in my mind helped me understand not only its meaning better, but how it compares to *signifier*. Since the two words are so related to each other, it makes sense to word their definitions to make it easier to process them together. 

Parsing out these terms, adding them into Anki, refining the definitions during testing, and testing against the cards themselves, took about an hour.

### IxD

* 25 minute block: Retyping out notes from the first half of Chapter 1. Got between 1/2 and 2/3rd through before I ran out of 
* One hour block: Identified and added more cards for Anki.

6 new anki cards:

* Four main steps to designing interactive systems

* Four main reasons why a digital product fails

* Design

* Detailed definition of human-oriented design activities (broken down into 3 cards)

Tested against these as well. 

Now that I've started to do these deep repeats within *About Face*, I think I will adjust my advancement strategy. Since these chapters of content are so dense, I think it makes sense to stop at the end of each of their "h2"s (don't know what you call them for a book) and extracting out as much information as possible. My current strategy was to go through the first half of one chapter (and the strategy before that was the entire chapter). Other segments of my time can be focused on reinforced learning (i.e. going back to the previous "h2" area) and just reading through the next "h2". This book's formatting is sufficient for this approach.

### Reinforced Learning

* *UPD:* 14 anki cards to test against. 13 were right (the one I got wrong was *color*. There were 4 general uses for color, I could only remember 3 of them).

### Dropping my major focus

Something that has been on my mind, but I haven't decided until today — I am in need of vacating my major focus. To be more specific, I am in need of that major focus time for other professional involvements. The logic being along the lines of: visual design is important to me, but not time urgent. On the other hand, I need to take care of a long term project that is important to me, *and* is time urgent. Logically, the urgent one takes priority in a world of important things.

While professional in nature, I choose not to disclose it in this log — it is a private, rather than public, affair. The minor focuses will continue, as they are still relevant.



