---
tags: upd 
---

* 25 minute block: Tested against 23 old cards. Took a little over the allotted time. 

* 25 minute block: Learning the 12th set of terms. For this particular set of terms, I decided to incorporate an additional strategy of associating the terms with visual references and mnemonic devices. Unsure of how well it will work in future attempts. As an example: the term legibility has five listed properties, the acronym of them being CSSTT. This is largely nonsense, until you combine the two T's, and suddenly you have: CSS PI (CSS π, CSS 3.14). Assuming I can remember a random phrase like CSS PIE, I can remember the 5 general properties is contrast, size, spacing, text block, and typeface.

* 25 minute block: adding terms to Anki, testing against

### Card Set 12

* Law of Prägnanz

* Layering

* Mapping

* Legibility

* Life Cycle

Unsure of specific time, but was less than 15 minutes. There were no incorrect respones.

### Other 

While I feel I can recall a lot of these terms with some accuracy, I find the processing time to be pretty limiting. I think before I move onto another deep focus, I will need to reinforce these terms and their meanings through other methods. Given the information is already there to some degree, this process should be considerably faster.

Ideally I think, if these made up visualizations I have of card set 12 hold up to memory, I may go back and apply them to all terms. In addition to, have at least one working example of every single principle (this book conveniently provides such a thing), and related terms to other terms. 

More other: Originally was going to spend most of the day on this focus, but instead prioritized my design portfolio today. 
