---
tags: upd typography meta branding
---

* UPD: Studied against 78 cards, 20 of which were new. Completed over 2 sessions.

### Dropping Typography Anatomy

Learning typographic anatomy is not of particular interest to me at this time. It feels far too detached from anything useful to me at the moment, with little context or structure being applied. Being a minor focus, one without a great benefit or cost if I failed to learn it now, I would rather focus my attention on other items. Typography will inevitably return to focus, ideally in a situation with better context.

Readers of this, including my future self, could view this as a non-committal move. My current mindset/rationale is that *process* is more important than *goals*. I would rather break a commitment if it means preserving the process of learning. The 'failure' to complete this focus is learning in of itself — why am I stopping this, were there warning signs I would stop, what can I do to maximize the benefits of my process in the future?

### Reading as a minor focus

Reading, with subjects loosely held to design, seems to be a logical investment. Recently, I discovered an Oxford series called 'Very Short Introductions' for many different subjects. I thought the book *Branding* in the series would be interesting read, so I've decided to pick that up as my current minor focus (and also why I name dropped 'Oxford' in this paragraph, so I can associate my reading decisions with an intellegent brand).


### Branding

*Branding: A Very Short Introduction* is a mere 144 pages. For now, I am reading it straight through. I intended to go back afterwards for notetaking, including the use of Anki.

Started reading today, am currently halfway through it.
