---
tags: upd branding
---

### UPD

Studied against 100 cards, 10 of which were new. Done over two 25 minute blocks. There are technically 2 'reverse' cards left.

As I reflect more on this focus, I think achieving a certain 'score' on an oral test would be sufficient to close out this focus. In thinking of the term *Depth of Processing* from this book, I am left to believe that there would be significant diminishing rates of return to continue with the major focus beyond this. With 125 separate terms, most of these terms would be justified with their own books. The nature of this learning acquisition is many superficial connections, and a greater understanding and appreciation for these terms likely means learning more about them elsewhere. 

I see *UPD* being a sort of glue to other ideas and concepts, not the definitive source of knowledge. For example, in the book *Branding*, I see a phrase 'MAYA' (Most Advanced Yet Acceptable), a term I first discovered in *UPD*. In reading through UX articles on medium, I encounter a lot of references to gestalt psychology, which has several terms scattered in UPD. In the long run, I believe this focus will help me make connections that I may not have made otherwise, but I believe it will be in other works that I acquire a deeper meaning on a subject. With that in mind, *UPD*'s best offering will be my ability to actively recall terms and definitions, and being able to apply them to explore a concept in more detail.

For immediate goals, I will try to do a full oral test two days from now, with the following rubric:

* I must say the term's definition out loud, without any writing assistance.

* I am limited to 30 seconds a term (can be auto enforced through Anki).

* To pass, I must get at least 115 of 125 (92%) correct. 

* If I fail overall, I will retake this test every 2 days until I achieve a passing 'grade'.

When this focus is completed, it does not mean I will stop testing against cards. The rules of space repetition don't disappear. Overtime, the total time spent on these cards will diminish naturally due to increasing time intervals between completed cards. I will probably cut some terms out as well (e.g. *waist-to-hip ratio*, *hunter-nurturer fixations*) that don't seem worth having active recall for.

### Branding

Finished reading (last chapter + further reading section) of *Branding: A Very Short Introduction*.

A nice, condensed book, with a lot of ideas. Feels relevant to today's world (it was published in the second half of 2017), with terminology, history, approaches, and philosophies described. Being an English publication, I didn't quite get all the branding examples (as an American), but the point was still made. This book is worth going back for note taking and some memorization. After that, I will probably leave the subject of branding alone for another topic (if not, perhaps pursue something in the 'further reading' section). 

### IxD

* 25 minute block: Read CH1. p. 10–19.

* 25 minute block: Read CH1. p. 19–27.

Yesterday I looked up *Interaction Design* on wikipedia. Was amusing to see much of the entry's introduction directly pull from this book's introduction.

Thought: I may elect to promote *IxD* to a major focus status instead of visual design. A minor focus on *IxD* will easily take months, but my current concern is that if little time is dedicated to this subject, I may have to balance accuracy vs speed of understanding in an inefficient way. However, I don't want my major focus to be perpetually theoretical, which *IxD* would be in my immediate circumstances. Will see how this plays out — for now I'm in the camp of keeping this a prolonged minor focus.
