---
tags: 
---

Spent much of the day on a private project. 

### Organizations

Began the process of note taking, only got through Chapter 1. This book does go all over the place in studies — it will be interesting to see how this turns out.

### Reinforced Learning

* *UPD*: 7 terms, 1 issue.

* *IxD*: 20 terms, 2 issues.

* *Branding*: 1 term, no issues.

### Other

I've been thinking more about what I want to do in the 3–5 year window over the last week. I saw a comment in passing 2 weeks ago about what the "endgame" for a UX designer was: being a design director for a large company, or running your own agency. My first thought was: neither sounded like suitable endgame.

The idea of running an agency however has come back to my mind. It would satisfy certain general desires — leading in design, and leading in business. It made me think of my own current limitations, and what I would want in such a setup.

As a derivative of these thoughts, I am slowly starting to believe that in order to “master” design, I need to dramatically improve my understanding of development. My thought process stems from a few directions:

* In a hypothetical 'agency' or startup, I would likely need at least some capability of product building. Unlikely the capabilities of say a pure developer.

* In my observations of high level designers without development knowledge, they seem... ineffective. Of course, they are in those positions without the technical knowledge, but it feels like they are limited in their ability to produce much beyond that (or, what they make is uninteresting).

* Understanding the implementation model in general should make designing representation models easier.

* Decent development skills as a feature of design seems like a strong competitive advantage.

For now, I will keep thinking about what I should focus my skill acquisitions on. 



