---
tags: ixd organizations
---

### IxD

* Completed my reading of Chapter 2. 

* Typed out notes up to the point that I finished reading yesterday. This goes from *Behavioral and demographic variables* for persona hypothesis to *putting together a plan* for interviews.

Added and tested against 5 cards to Anki to study against:

* Persona Hypothesis

* Persona hypothesis attempts to address 3 high level questions [decent amount of context per question]

* Roles

* In forming a persona hypothesis, for *business products*, use [???], which roughly map to [???], to get a reasonable [???].

* In forming a persona hypothesis, for *consumer products*, the most significant patterns emerge from users' [???][4], which all can influence their behavior.

I wonder how useful these verbose terms would be. A big reason for me providing so many words in some of these is meant to improve the speed that I get through the overall book.

Instead of asking something like:

* Best way to form a business product persona hypothesis:

I ask:

* In forming a persona hypothesis, for *business products*, use [???], which roughly map to [???], to get a reasonable [???].

Would I be better off would the former? I lean towards no for this. 

Unrelated to this, with these IxD cards I sometimes search for specific concepts (e.g. Persona Hypothesis, Ethnographic Interviews) online. A lot of the results end up citing this book to define the phrases. It's a little amusing — I saw one site that used his/her site as notes for the exact same subsection I'm on.

### Organizations

Completed the book + appendix.

I wasn't sure exactly what this book would be. What I got wasn't something I would have predicted. This book is dense in thought of so many interdisciplinary subjects. The appendix ends up being a discussion of objectivism, epistemology and linguists. This book had many subjects: philosophy, economics, sociology, psychology, feminist theory, marxist theory, engineering, art, power dynamics, management theory.

Organization theory as a subject seems quite interesting. In addition to the wealth of the further reading section, the author also has well reviewed book on Organization Theory used in graduate work for management. 

As mentioned recently, I think my approach to reinforced learning for this book will involve going through the book for a day and extracting what I want to reinforce. Given this book, I suspect this will be challenging — this book is considerably more difficult to parse than *Branding* (of the same publication) was.



### Reinforced Learning 

* *UPD*: 11 terms, no issues.

* *Branding*: 3 terms, no issues.

* *IxD*: 17 terms, 1 issue.
