---
tags: dmmt ixd
---

### IxD

From Chapter 2, continued to create Anki cards in relation to the persona hypothesis:

* A persona hypothesis is built from (4)

* Technical Expertise

* Domain Expertise

* Demographic Variables

### Don't Make Me Think

Typed out notes for the 'Read Me First' section

Created 5 Anki cards for the book:

* Author of *Don't Make Me Think*

* Year of current and original publication

* Attributes of Usability (7)

* Attributes of Usability: Useful

* Attributes of Usability: Learnable

### Reinforced Learning

* *IxD*: 16 terms, 0 issues.

* *Branding:* No cards today.

* *UPD:* 12 terms, 0 issues.

### Thoughts on Reading

Several months ago I was talking to a small group. One of them brought up a book (and the author of the book) they really admired. The person asked if anyone had read the book. Automatically, I mentioned I did (I listened to it on audiobook sometime within the last 12 months). I was asked what I thought about the book and about any part I liked about it.

I was completely stumped. I remember reading the book, I remember generally liking it, but I barely remember anything about the book. Left to think about it for a few seconds, I answered truthfully — I didn't really remember it. Now, whenever I think about the book *Lean In*, my dominating memory is that I don't remember it and I inadvertently dismissed it to a group by not remembering it.

It wasn't that the book was bad, it was that as a reader, I failed to experience the book. But, I would easily allow myself to claim that I did "read" it.

What reminded me of this experience was an article by *The Atlantic* — [Why We Forget Most of the Books We Read](https://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2018/01/what-was-this-article-about-again/551603/). And why I read that article? I have recently been frustrated by my reading attempts. In the last few weeks, I have — very slow — been taking in the (text)book *About Face: The Essentials of Interface Design*. I can read through the book relatively quickly, but I don't finish reading it until after I have typed out notes in each section and commit some of its lessons to flash cards. In every session of new cards, I am humbled by the fact that despite the fact I've read a section twice and typed out notes for the section (writing vs typing makes no difference in my experience), I usually struggle with the flashcards. In addition to this, each day, I go through my flashcards again via spaced reptition, including books I have done this for prior.  

Being shown how little I know is a mixed bag of frustration and happiness. If I were to borrow knowledge from *Universal Principles of Design*, I would say that this slow, methodical method of reading has qualities of being *immersive* — a state of mental focus that awareness to the "real" world is lost, generally resulting in feelings of joy and satisfaction — and of *depth of processing* — a phenomenon of memory in which information that is analyzed deeply is more likely to be recalled than information that is analyzed superficially. I wrote out those 2 terms absentmindedly, as I memorized the phrasing for every term in that book. 

There is of course frustration from how slow the process is, relative to straight reading, and the moderate difficulty that comes with learning new things. But for me, the biggest frustration comes from realizing from these experiences just how little I have remembered from reading most things in my life. 

This realization has really made me question the value of casual reading. Our culture definitely touts reading as a virtue, but in some ways I can't help but feel that I would have been just as well off watching TV, or playing a video game, or exercising, rather than read. Reading reminds me of eating vegetables: we have this idea drilled into us that it's good for us, and by extension avoiding them is bad and there's both a guilt and pleasure in *not* having it. Reading for the sake of reading is just something you ought to do. We have to keep up appearances, to seem fluent and worldly. 

This isn't a knock on reading, rather a knock on inattentive activities we (particularly myself) do. Just because it is reading instead of TV doesn't mean I am fulfilling some higher level need of self-actualization. Sure, my casual reading might discover something neat, but so could TV, or a game, or walking, or bowling, or gossiping. I'd still have to 'research' more in any of these scenarios to get something out of that discovery.

At this point, I don't know if I can go back to reading through a book I have a real interest in without a slow, methodical method of some kind of memorization. It would seem that our working memories are bad, and all this repetitive, reinforced learning keeps showing me this.



