---
tags: ixd organizations
---

### IxD

Created and tested against the following 8 terms:

* Customers

* When interviewing customers, you want to understand the following: [5] (For this card, I list out the five things with their first set of words).

* In User Interviews, we are interested in learning six things from users. One of them is.. [6 cards]

Was somewhat difficult. This is more about memorizing a string of lines. In these cards — unlike past cards — I have tried add part of the answer for context. Otherwise, I feel like I am trying to remember arbitrary information. For example, in the customer interview one, this is what the card looks like:

• Their goals [???]

• Their frustrations [???]

• Their decision process [???]

• Their role [???]

• Domain-related [???]

I feel like if I just said there 5 things (or no number), I would be spending too much time trying to remember phrasing and numbers. It's hard to say. But this book, if analyzed to completion, would occupy hundreds of cards. I want to know these kind of things in relation to customer interviews, but is it really helpful to know it *exactly*? Especially since *users* are considered much more important than *customers*?  

### Organizations

Read chapter 4 (of 6). 

Related to this, I have been lately getting the itch to explore project management, naturally in its relation to design. This minor focus spot is full of opportunity costs — the longer I stay on *Organizations*, the longer I have to wait for a future exploration. So for me, my shorterm goal with *Organizations* seems to be centered on speed of reinforced learning after I have finished reading it. With *Branding*, I felt like the post-read stage was going too slow. I think the lesson I can take from that book is to focus my efforts on extracting information I want to reinforce, instead of trying to retake in the whole book again slowly. With the Anki system, the repeated exposure to the material should be the most time efficient route to taking in the work.


### Reinforced Learning

* *UPD*: 8 terms, no issues.

* *Branding*: 3 terms, no issues.

* *IxD*: 11 terms, no issues.
