---
tags: ixd organizations
---

### IxD

* Began reading the subsection *Interviewing and Observing Users*. This is the longest subsection in the book up to this point (12 pages, the next highest was the previous section's 8). I read through the first 6 pages.

* Typed out notes for the first 4 pages of the above subsection. Opted not to continue since I knew the card creation process would be shorter still.

* Created cards for, and tested against the following terms:

* Ethnography

* Ethnographic Interviews

* Contextual Inquiriy

* Four basic principles of ethnographic interviews [no context because they are each one word long]

* Cooper's 4 modifications to contextual inquiriy [light context]

Easier than the previous session. 

### Reinforced Learning 

* *UPD*: 11 terms, no issues.

* *Branding*: 2 terms, no issues.

* *About Face*: 21 terms, 5 issues. I'm not surprised at this, given how wordy a lot of these terms are. Something I wrote out yesterday was my desire to add slightly more context to terms. Some of the terms I got wrong today were from cards that had little context. 

An example:

Design Research Process — Kickoff Meeting — Initial Key questions to ask (7 of 7):

* What...

*What* doesn't really tell you much. There are other key questions to ask that also start with *what*. After I got it wrong (simply drawing a blank on it), I edited the card to say:

* What *internal*...

The word *internal* adds a lot more context to what is being asked. I did this with another term I got wrong.
