---
tags: ixd
---

### IxD

* Retyped out notes for *Qualitative versus Quantitative Data in Design Research* (Ch. 2)

* Read the subsection *Goal-Directed Design Research* (Ch. 2)

* Created 5 Anki cards for a diagram describing the relationship between quantitative research and qualitative research. 

The textual model for these 5 cards:

Market research (quantitative) + Analytics (quantitative)
→ can inform → 
Goal-Directed Design Research (qualitative)
← drives →
Behavioral Models (personas)
← can be used to generate →
Market Sizing Studies (quantitative)

### Organizations

* Read through chapter 3 (of 6).

This book does a good job at melding a lot of disconnected thoughts of mine. How 'perception' is so prevalent in organizations, with how rampant 'perceived' was used in *Universal Principles of Design*, the use of symbols/signifiers/signified like in *Branding*, the design of physical and functional structures, economics. I can't help but think of how these concepts are connected, but I'm far from being able to express it, or to practically apply it. 

The book's difficultly level is higher than I expected it to be (the *Branding* book from the same Oxford series was significantly easier for me to grasp), and I'll have to go through it careful to really grasp its ideas. It's plausible that it's harder for me because it dives into a social science I have little experience in — sociology. 


### Reinforced Learning

* *UPD*: 9 terms. No issues.

* *Branding*: There were no terms/cards. Notable — this is the first time it has happened.

* *IxD*: 14 terms. Two minor issues.
