---
tags: ui
---

Spent much of the day designing out a page's UI *fast*. Little time to think, just go through it. This kind of speed work tends to against what I like to do. I had a lot of 'why are we doing it this way' moments, but had to actively suppress in order to speed through. I think this kind of speed work would help me in certain aspects of my professional journey. 

There's a quote from Paula Scher that I think of:

*“It took me a few seconds to draw it, but it took me 34 years to learn how to draw it in a few seconds.”*

I am a believer in a slow, gradual acquisition of knowledge and technique. Speed work, from the perspective of learning, would be good to have as a means of applying *what I already know* faster. I think it would be a mistake to make speed work a dominating learning tool, but it's ability to produce *something* and the ability to iterate fast seem quite useful.

The UI work in question was to convert a whiteboard exercise into a high fidelity page, given limited copy and design/art direction, and to do so in 3 hours, plus 1 hour of revisions. I (think I) did pretty well considering it was the first time I used Sketch in several months. 

I would think in the perspective of UI design that speed work would be useful if it could be applied to studying of smaller UI parts along with general visual design principles. 

For now, whether or not I do these things will probably depend on how my Interaction Design path is going. 

### Reinforced Learning

* *IxD:* 8 cards, 1 issue (keep mixing up 'Studies' and 'Surveys' in relation to Market Sizing *Studies*).

* *Branding:* 7 cards, no issues.

* *UPD:* 15 cards, no issues.
