---
tags: ixd dmmt
---

### IxD

Lately I've been impatient with *About Face*. I'm currently in the trenches of user interviews, which are useful, but also not applicable to be at the moment. To use the book's phrases, *Framework Definition* and *Design Refinement* are where most of my time is occupied, and it's where most company's time is as well. I peaked through the book's second part, and I think it would make sense to start studying the book in two places at once.

So IxD studying will be broken down into two sections:

* Part 1: Goal-Directed Design (current towards the end of Chapter 2, goes through Chapter 6)
* Part 2: Making Well Behaved Products (Chapter 7 through 17)

(There is a Part 3 as well)

I would move through Part 1 very slowly (but consistently): maybe 1–2 Anki cards in each session as opposed to 4–5.

Will experiment. For daily formats, I think I'll split up my `H3`

### IxD: Research

Created and tested against 2 Anki cards:

Basic methods for user interviews:

• Interview where [???]

• Avoid a fixed [???]

and

Basic methods for user interviews:

• Assume the role [???]

• Use open-ended and [???]

### IxD: Good Product Behavior

Typed out all of the chapter's subheaders. Typed out notes for the intro section + *Design Values* subheader.

Created and tested 3 Anki cards:

* Design Values

* Interaction Design Principles

* Interaction Design Patterns

### Don't Make Me Think

Completed typing notes for Chapter 1.

Created and tested 5 Anki cards:

* Usability continuum: [???] to [???]. Tradeoffs should be skewed in the [???] direction.

* Self-explanatory

* If you can't make it [???], at least make it [???]

* Example of something self-explanatory

* Biggest reason for usability 

### Reinforced Learning

* *IxD*: 36 terms, 5 issues.

* *Branding*: 1 term, 0 issues.

* *Don't Make Me Think*: 11 terms, 3 issues (pretty good, since I missed a key day of reinforced learning, spaced repetition logic would tell me I was in for a disaster)

* *UPD*: 25 terms, 1 issue (correct term, but wanted to word it better)
