---
tags: branding ixd
---

### Branding

* Tested against 11 Anki cards. A few minor issues, but relatively straightforward.

I feel this minor focus has run its course. There are a few reasons for this: the biggest being that the opportunity cost of continuing this over a different focus has become too great. Others include: the 'need' to dive deeper into branding is not present, most of what is worth reinforcing form this book is towards the beginning, and that I am effectively dragging my feet on this focus. 

With a complete read, notes on the main focus of the book, and Anki cards set up for this, I consider this minor focus complete. All future logs of this study will be in the *reinforced learning* section.

### IxD

* Tested against 12 Anki cards. Funny enough (or maybe worryingly), I got the term 'Design' wrong multiple times. 

* Retyped out Chapter 1 subsection's notes from *Planning and Designing Product Behavior* and *Recognizing User Goals*. 

* From *Planning and Designing Product Behavior*, I created cards for the following concepts:

* Overall Product Success is made from (3): [Two cards]

* A successful product is ____, ____, and ____.

Tested against these 3 new cards. Went over pretty well. A part of me wants to continue to add more terms here for the next subsection, but experience tells me to be patient. 

**IxD Direction**

Based on my current professional situation, and in going through this book, it is clear to me that this book needs deliberate focus, with its material immediately relevant to me. This is ultimately the main reason for marking *Branding* as complete instead of pushing on with it.

*About Face: The Essentials of Interaction Design* will become the *de facto* major focus. When my private professional focus has been taken care of, I can evaluate what to do with the major focus slot.

### Reinforced Learning

* *UPD*: Tested against 41 cards. One incorrect term.

### Other

I think this log would be helpful to myself and others if I included a weekly and monthly report. This is a feature I've noticed in the [bullet journal](http://bulletjournal.com/) world, and would be useful in evaulating what I've accomplished on a larger time scale. The current design of this blog only supports a daily format, so I would either need to utilize the same format, or have a separated out section for longer time scale entries. I think the latter is ideal in the long-run. This will probably be something I build out slowly over this month.

Read the article [Hard and Soft Skills in Tech](https://shift.newco.co/hard-and-soft-skills-in-tech-8be00216f67f). Was an encourging read on the managerial needs of a tech team. 





