---
tags:
---

### Meta

I talked about reorganizing my focuses sometime in the last 2 weeks. I'm contradicting myself, and proceeding as how I was before.

### IxD: Personas

Began reading of Chapter 3, Model Users: Personas and Goals 

As part of my reading, I went back to *Universal Principles of Design*'s term on personas. I thought this passage was amusing:

"The use of personas in the design process is increasing in popularity, though empirical evidence for the technique as compared to more traditional approaches is lacking. The measurable merits of the approach are difficult to ascertain due to the proprietary and relatively secretive nature of the methodology developed by Cooper."

I guess this means this chapter in Cooper's book isn't going to empirically prove its use. 

Added 1 new card to Anki to test against, and transferred a *UPD* card over:

* Personas (Cooper Definition)
* Personas (UPD Definition)

### IxD: Good Product Behavior

Added two Anki cards:

Ethical Interaction Design: Improve human situations

Types of situations that interactive systems might improve:

• Reducing [???] tensions between [???] and [???].

• Improving e[???]

• Balancing [? cd ?] with [? sc ?].

---

Ethical Interaction Design: Improve human situations

Types of situations that interactive systems might improve:

• Increasing u[???].

• Increasing the [???] and [???] of individuals and groups.

• Improving c[???] between [???] and [???].

### Reinforced Learning 

* *IxD* 8 cards, 1 issue (gave definition of *Design Patterns* for *Design Principles*)

* *Branding* 0 cards

* *DMMT* 0 cards

* *UPD* 4 cards, 0 issues

### Other

I haven't written much of anything in the last few weeks. Which means I'm due for a long stream of thoughts.

It's been awhile since I talked in this log, and the last time I did, it was about a new plan on action. 'Jaded' is the word I'd used to describe my relation with design at the moment. To describe it in as few words as possible, I've spent the last few weeks annoyed at myself for not liking development the way I like design. How much easier life would be if I just became an expert at implementing products, rather than designing them. 

Maybe I've never liked development because I never tried to truly understand it. Maybe I never liked it because of the context that I did it professionally at the start of my career. I've always thought my personality lined up with developers and not designers, but also always thought developers were weird for liking their work and not design. When I work on a project with a developer, I usually feel guilty for stealing the 'fun' part of the project. Then I find out they wanted nothing to do with my 'fun'.

"because I never tried to truly understand it" is something that may be true. Reflecting back in my life, there was nobody there to encourage that path in my teenage or early adult years. No parent, sibling, other students, teachers. Not a single one. For my senior year in high school, I was a full-time dual enrolled student at a community college. They offered no computer science courses. When I transferred to a university, I was too far behind to even consider a C.S. degree. It didn't stop me from taking a few courses in programming towards the end of my college career though. As an aside, my university had no HCI/design program. I didn't even realize until after I graduated that such a program could exist. In many ways I grew up on the internet, and was often surrounding by people who coded (poorly I'd imagine, they were kids themselves). They were to me wizards, and was far too intimidated to attempt to learn. The exception was CSS: so easy to use, so quick to get feedback on what you did. It didn't matter that IE5/6 was *the* browser. Design just came naturally, but maybe it did because the barrier to entry was so much lower. If I didn't have this social, digital connection, I have no doubt that I would have never went into design, or development. Absolutely nothing was pushing me into this field "IRL". I'd go into book stores looking for web design books. They didn't exist. Academic advisors had zero clue about the subjects. There were no degree programs (where I went to). 

How much different would my life be if I ever had the chance to pursue this subject in the several years I had it as an obscure hobby? Or if I had ever had a mentor in those early days? Privilege is an interesting term to use here. I can't help but feel underprivileged in some way here — I got where I am today by stumbling into it, not by a meaningful or knowledgable network. On the flip side, I also had the privilege of having *a lot* of freedom as a teenager to even discover such a hobby, and build it out, mostly with nobody knowing. My own weird social habits seems to have created my career. 

Anyways...

I suspect that I really do need to learn development more. My logic is project-based: I often have this desire to create something, but I lack the product *capability* part of the equation. Rephrasing it jokingly, I'm the "ideas guy" in a startup, and I just need some code monkey to build out my dream for $5/hr and a chance at equity. 

I think I have to approach this in a very long term aspect, and just slowly build out my knowledge. Stick to just Javascript and not branch out (I have technically worked in C, Java, and PHP before), and occasionally build out small applications. 

#### Other: Design

I can't get myself to do UI design practice, and I don't quite know why. It's puzzling to me, and I don't feel like forcing myself to focus on it will solve that problem. I have some potential reasons. 

The first: UI practice isn't leading to an actual end result. All the discussion over the years about not being in a Dribbble "bubble" probably plays some influence here.  

The second: There isn't a specific purpose to the practice. I for example subscribed to a daily UI letter to design *X*. I have started some of these, but never finished them. This *may* be cured if I was studying individual UI patterns and practicing the design of them. 

The third: I have an inadequate ability in art. Plenty of people will say design is not art. I get the argument, and in many ways they're right. On a UI level though, I can't help but feel that great visual designers are also great artists. Yes, their work goes to waste if the underlying design logic is bad, but that doesn't make what they do superficial. I think a lot of the design community as a whole dismisses visual design. I get why they do it — absolute beginners to the field (along with business stakeholders) often see visual design as the *only* aspect of design, and they need to unlearn that. 

In any case, I can't seem to approach UI design directly unless I am working on an actual client project. I have an idea for how to tackle this, but it wouldn't yield an immediate result.

The first is to do what I mentioned before and study Material Design in depth (or something similar to it). In those situations, I would take on both the theory and practice of specific design patterns.

The second is more abstract: actually practice art. I am unsure about this one, but I can see this being a valuable *long term* (2, 3+ year) investment. 
